== 0.13.0

=== MsUia adapter

  * Added #select and #clear into SelectList::SelectListOption for multi-select support
  * Removed SelectList#select and SelectList#set
  * Added #select, #selected? and #clear to Table::Row for multi-select support
  * Removed Table#select and Table#selected?
  * Fixed an issue with selecting ListBox items that our outside of the viewable area

== 0.12.0 / 2013-09-05

=== MsUia adapter

  * Add Control#help_text to relay ToolTip information

== 0.11.0 / 2013-08-10

=== MsUia adapter

  * Add support for Window#spinner

== 0.10.0 / 2013-07-26

=== MsUia adapter

  * Fixed an issue with trying to interact with a button after it goes away
  * Add support for Window#tab_control

== 0.9.4 / 2013-07-23

  * Add license part of gemspec. Closes #70.
  
== 0.9.3 / 2013-07-23

=== MsUia adapter
  * Added the ability to limit the scope to children only when looking for a control
  * Fixed issues with ListBox controls not firing index change events

== 0.9.2 / 2013-05-19

=== Win32 adapter

  * Window#send_keys supports now :dash, :slash and :backslash. Closes #64.

=== MsUia adapter

  * Ability to get and set the text of a multi-line text control that only supports the TextPattern.
  * Add some caching to speed up locating controls.
  * Fix issue #67 that happens when clicking on controls.

=== AutoIt adapter

  * Add deprecation warning.

== 0.9.1 / 2013-04-26

=== MsUia adapter

  * Ability to interact with controls that do not have native window handles (for example WPF applications).

== 0.9.0 / 2013-04-22

=== MsUia adapter

  * Add support for :name locator.
  * Add support for Window#value_control.
  * Add Table#headers.
  * Add Table#values.
  * Control#exists? uses now uia code.
  * ControlType.Document is also considered as a TextField.
  * Table#select and Table#selected? use 0-based indexing.
  * Table#select supports value too. 

=== Win32 adapter

  * Add support for "[", "]" and "'" characters when using Window#send_keys. Fixes #61.

== 0.8.0 / 2012-12-26

=== MsUia adapter

  * Add Control#collapse for collapsing values in collapsable items.
  * Add Control#expand for expanding values in expandable items.
  * Add Row#cell(s).
  * Add Table#cell(s).
  * Add Table#row(s).
  * Add Window#menu for selecting menu items.
  * Fire change events when SelectList selections have been changed.
  * Window#child instantiates MsUia adapter Window.

== 0.7.3 / 2012-10-31

=== Win32 adapter

  * Add support for PasswordField.

=== AutoIt adapter

  * Show error message when registration of AutoIt dll fails.

== 0.7.2 / 2012-03-18

=== Win32 adapter

  * add mouse API with Window#mouse method
  * add Mouse#move, #position, #click, #press and #release methods

=== AutoIt adapter
  
  * support the same mouse API as Win32 adapter

== 0.7.1 / 2012-02-26

=== Win32 adapter

  * add Window#dimensions to get coordinates of the window
  * add Window#move to move/resize the window
  * fix Window#child not to raise any exceptions for cases where window isn't technically a child

== Version 0.7.0 / 2012-02-23

=== All adapters

  * renamed WinFfi adapter to Win32 adapter
  * added experimental MsUia adapter
  * added support for JRuby
  * Window.windows accepts locators too
  * added Window#class_names for retrieving internal class names of the window and it's controls
  * default locator is :index => 0 when nothing else specified

=== Win32 adapter

  * Window#send_keys has now syntax similar to WatirSpec (https://github.com/watir/watirspec/blob/master/element_spec.rb#L206-249)
  * added TextField#send_keys

=== AutoIt adapter

  * added Window#mouse_move, #mouse_click, #mouse_position, #press_mouse and #release_mouse methods for AutoIt adapter


== Version 0.6.3 / 2011-07-16

  * use current window's handle (hwnd) in WinFfi::Window#child method


== Version 0.6.2 / 2011-07-07

=== WinFFI adapter

  * loading lazily oleacc.dll
  * loading lazily uia_dll.rb due to problems on certain Windows XP machines


== Version 0.6.1 / 2011-07-05

=== WinFFI adapter

  * Fixed it for Ruby 1.9.2.


== Version 0.6.0 / 2011-07-03

=== WinFFI adapter

  * Window#send_keys now accepts only String argument similar to AutoIt's Send function.
  * added Table#strings, #select, #selected? methods.
  * added Label element support with #value method.
  * added #has_focus? and #set_focus methods to controls.
  * added possibility to search controls by automation id as :id.
  * added #enabled? and #disabled? methods for controls.
  * added Window#control and #controls methods for accessing controls generally.
  * added SelectList#option method.
  * added ListBox element support with #count, #items, #exist?, #selected? and #select methods.


== Version 0.5.1 / 2011-01-30

=== All adapters

  * added Window.windows, #windows, #buttons and #text_fields methods to retrieve collection of elements and use them with Enumerable/Array methods.

=== WinFFI adapter

  * added Window#child method for searching child windows and popups
  * added initial support for Radio, Checkbox, SelectList and Table

=== AutoIt adapter

  * allow to search windows by PID


== Version 0.4.0 / 2010-12-23

  * allow to search windows without text (like empty Notepad window for example).
  * added possibility to use block for #click to specify successful clicking condition.
  * renamed :ffi adapter to :win_ffi because FFI may be used on other platforms too.


== Version 0.3.0 / 2010-12-18

  * added Ffi adapter specific method Window#child which searches for child windows and popups


== Version 0.2.1 / 2010-12-17

  * added yard options for documentation


== Version 0.2.0 / 2010-12-17

  * added Window#pid method


== Version 0.1.0 / 2010-12-14

  * added new default adapter for Windows: FFI
  * changes for AutoIt adapter:
    - added 0-based :index locator for window locators to search for windows with the same criteria.
    - renamed text_field and button locator :instance to :index instead.
    - :class_name locator is not allowed anymore. Use :class and :index together instead.
    - use :value for button locator instead of :text


== Version 0.0.4 / 2010-10-27

 * most Window, Button and TextField methods wait until the object exists.
     Use RAutomation::Window.wait_timeout= to set timeout before failing. Default is 60 seconds.


== Version 0.0.3 / 2010-10-15

 * RAutomation didn't load AutoIt correctly if it wasn't installed before


== Version 0.0.2 / 2010-10-14

 * using :value locator for buttons instead of :text
 * searching only visible windows with some text on them


== Version 0.0.1 / 2010-10-13

 * Initial release
