= RAutomation

* Web: http://www.github.com/jarmo/RAutomation
* Author: Jarmo Pertman (mailto:jarmo.p[at]gmail.com)

== DESCRIPTION

RAutomation tries to be a small and easy to use library for helping out to automate windows and their controls
for automated testing.

RAutomation aims to provide:
* Easy to use and user-friendly API (inspired by Watir http://www.watir.com).
* Cross-platform compatibility
* Easy extensibility - have some application, which uses some specialized technology, but isn't supported by RAutomation?
  You can get dirty and create a new adapter for RAutomation right away!

== USAGE

    require "rautomation"

    window = RAutomation::Window.new(:title => /part of the title/i)
    window.exists? # => true

    window.title # => "blah blah part Of the title blah"
    window.text # => "Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit. Donec ultricies..."

    window.text_field(:class => "Edit", :index => 0).set "hello, world!"
    button = window.button(:text => "&Save")
    button.exists? # => true
    button.click

    window2 = RAutomation::Window.new(:title => "Other Title", :adapter => :autoit) # use AutoIt adapter
    window2.WinClose("[TITLE:Other Title]") # use adapter's (in this case AutoIt's) internal methods directly

See more examples in spec directory!

== INSTALL

=== Windows

1. gem install rautomation
2. create some script and run it

Available adapters:
* :ffi - uses Windows API directly with FFI (default)
* :autoit - uses AutoIt for automation

When using AutoIt adapter:
You might need administrative privileges if running for the first time and you haven't installed AutoIt before!

=== Linux

Feel yourself at home on Linux and know how to automate windows and their controls? I would be happy if you'd contact me
about that matter - or even better, send me a pull request!

=== OS X

Feel yourself at home on OS X and know how to automate windows and their controls? I would be happy if you'd contact me
about that matter - or even better, send me a pull request!

=== Others

Feel yourself at home on some operating system not listed in here and know how to automate windows and their controls?
Does Ruby also work on that operating system? I would be happy if you'd contact me
about that matter - or even better, send me a pull request!

== Note on Patches/Pull Requests
 
* Fork the project.
* Make your feature addition or bug fix.
* Add tests for it. This is important so I don't break it in a
  future version unintentionally.
* Commit, do not mess with rakefile, version, or history.
  (if you want to have your own version, that is fine but bump version in a commit by itself I can ignore when I pull)
* Send me a pull request. Bonus points for topic branches.

== Copyright

Copyright (c) 2010 Jarmo Pertman. See LICENSE for details.
